hay has gone
Dave 2d here this is the Asus Zenbook s
and it's got this interesting feature
this hinge that lifts the keyboard and
it gives it this what I would consider
to be one of the most comfortable
keyboards I've used in a laptop recently
so this device is standard Zenbook
quality it's aluminum all round with
this chamfered edge that's a third
bronze or copper depending on how you
look at it I'd say it's more of a copper
but that's just me and it's really well
built it is a Zenbook flagship these are
always well-made now if this hinge is
what makes this laptop special they're
calling an Ergo lift and it's not the
first time we've ever seen a device do
this like the whole idea of when you
open the device it lifts up like we've
seen other devices do it we've seen
other asus devices do it we've seen XPS
devices do it it's certainly not new but
these guys do it better than anyone else
that I've seen the idea is to lift up
the keyboard so there's a bit of a tilt
so it's a more comfortable typing
position as well as opening up the
bottom so it's not touching the surface
of whatever you're typing on and the
tilt is just right it's an awesome
keyboard experience it's a great layout
clean white backlighting the arrow keys
are in the proper spot and each
keystroke has this nice feel to it on
these chiclet keys my only knock on it
is that the page up and page down stuff
there's no dedicated buttons for them
and if you want to use the hotkeys for
them up top they're in a weird spot you
have to take your fingers off the cursor
and push them in the function keys but
still despite that odd page up page down
positioning it's an awesome keyboard and
it's seriously one of the best keyboards
I've used if I had to type for a long
period of time for like an essay or
development or any kind of like
extensive keyboard use this would
probably my top pick the trackpad is
also quite good its winners precision
good tracking and button Kanaks the
fingerprint sensors in the top right
corner it's not my favorite spot but
overall good trackpad the port selection
is somewhat limited there's one USB GC
on one side and then the other side has
two Thunderbolt 3 s and one audio jack
that's built into the screen component
and that's basically it reports the
speakers are well they actually sound
really good just the speaker's
themselves but they're positioned in not
a great position so when you have it
just kind of like in a regular laptop
position that gurgle lift makes this
almost like an echo chamber underneath
the laptop and you can hear the sound
just bounce
and distorted a little bit if you just
have the speaker's pointing straight up
top they sound really clean but you're
never going to use them like this and in
the regular laptop position they don't
sound as good the screen that I have in
this model is a 4k panel it looks really
sharp almost to the point of being too
sharp like I've never really needed a 4k
panel on a 13-inch device but that's
what this one has it's bright its color
accurate it looks good there is a 1080p
option available which i think is a
better choice for most people but if
you're a photo editor or something they
do have the 4k screen and the webcams up
top in a normal position okay let's talk
about performance this device can be
equipped with some very powerful
hardware looking at the 8th gen 4 core
CPU and 16 gigs of ram you can deck it
out pretty heavily and for short bursts
that 8th gen CPU is really good but
thermally it's not a strong performer
and it casts a bit of shade on this
whole device for me now depending on
what you using this for this may or may
not affect you but for me someone that
looked at this as a potential video
editing machine it needs better thermals
at stock settings it will power and
thermal throttle pretty quickly the fans
are really quiet which is easy on the
ears but it just limits what this
product can do so an x2 you I played
around a little bit
cranked up some stuff and it can run
boost for longer but it can't maintain
it I really wish they'd just gone with
more aggressive thermal solution I feel
like the fans could have been louder I
feel like the fans could've been bigger
or maybe thrown in to fans the thing is
this thing is so quiet that like it just
I get what they're going for right it's
a business laptop and you like those
people want really quiet devices and
they even have like this quiet mode
which makes it run essentially silent
but throttles even harder I just wish
there was a way to crank up the fans and
avoid any kind of thermal limitations
but there isn't and also says something
about the Ergo lift so the idea of this
herb lift was obviously primarily for a
more comfortable keyboard experience but
it would have been nice if there was
some kind of airflow through that gap
but there isn't it does raise that hot
surface away from your lap so if you're
typing on the keyboard on your lap it's
a little bit more comfortable but there
is no airflow okay inside we're looking
at a battery that's 50 watt hours not a
huge battery but we're getting around
six and a half seven hours of battery
life which is pretty respectable the
Wi-Fi card is built on board can't
remove it
same with the ramp can't remove that you
got to configure it at purchase the nvme
is removable and the one they were using
is fast they're the PM nine six one
drives from Samsung
so the Zenbook s is a device in that
premium Ultrabook market obviously it's
not going to be a cheap device it starts
at eleven hundred dollars goes up to
like fourteen fifteen hundred dollars
it's competing with stuff like the XPS
13 the Razer Blade stealth the LG gram
they're all expensive devices and I
would consider this one kind of
reasonably priced considering the
hardware that you're getting if you're
looking for something that's like
productivity base if you want a good
keyboard and using for school or work or
a photo editing this is a good pickup
this makes sense but if you want
something that's a little heavier like
video editing or if you want to play
games with an external GPU I would look
at something else okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time